Updated README (#86)
Koketso-bbd/Tickit: README.md

    CreateViews.sql
    ```

Your database should be set up successfully now.

## API

1. Navigate into the API folder
    ```bash
    cd api
    ```

2. Restore the dependancies
    ```bash
    dotnet restore
    ```

> *If for any reason the dependancies failed to install you can insteall them manually using the following commands*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If for any reason the dependencies failed to install you can install them manually using the following commands*
```
